With so many vulnerabilities in all of our systems,
it's nice that there are plenty of resources to help us identify and analyze them.
For this exercise, you explore two of them.
The primary resources you'll use are the MITER Common Vulnerabilities and
Exposure or CVE list found at cve.mitre.org,
and the NIST National Vulnerability Database or NVD found at nvd.nist.gov.
Let me show you what they look like.
CVE is a list of common identifiers for publicly known cybersecurity vulnerabilities.
It was started over 20 years ago to create a common language,
a naming convention for all vulnerabilities.
In the early days, manufacturers would have their own names and
identification numbers which became very confusing.
Now CVE is the industry standard for vulnerability and exposure identifiers.
The process of creating a CVE entry begins
with the discovery of a potential security vulnerability.
That information is then assigned a CVE ID by the numbering authority,
who then writes the description and adds references.
Then a completed entry is added to the CVE list and posted on the CVE website.
The National Vulnerability Database or NVD,
is the US government's repository of standards-based vulnerability management data.
They perform analysis on the CVEs that have been published to the CVE dictionary.
They do this by aggregating data points from the description references
applied in any supplemental data that can be found publicly at the time.
You'll get to work with these two websites as a part of the exercise.